[This section is informative.

Initially, MCF Gthread was licensed under the GNU General Public License
(LGPL). There was a technical limitation that prevented MCF Gthread from
being linked as a static library, so LGPL was considered 'sufficient for
good use'.

The limitation about static linking has gone since a while ago. Now the
restriction of LGPL is causing a negative impact. It is time to make a
reassessment on what license we should use.

We acknowledge that it may not be appropriate to enforce the exact same
understanding of freedom about software on GNU's aspect.

As a consequence, we bring the GCC Runtime Library Exception to grant
you the freedom to not be subject to LGPL under some circumstances. If
you have received a copy of MCF Gthread without this exception, you are
allowed to apply it yourself.

The overall effect is that, if you link your code against MCF Gthread,
either as a static library or a shared library which is produced by a
purely GPL-compatible compiler or a purely non-GPL-compatible compiler,
then you may convey the result under any terms at your disposal, without
effecting a GPL violation.

Verbatim copies of version 3 of the GNU General Public License and the
GNU Lesser General Public License, and version 3.1 of the GCC Runtime
Library Exception can be obtained from the 'licenses' directory, or from
these links:

  * https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
  * https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html
  * https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gcc-exception-3.1.html

-- end of informative section.]

========================================================================

MCF Gthread is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

MCF Gthread is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser
General Public License for more details.

Under Section 7 of GPL version 3:

  1. You are allowed to revoke this license from a file whose name ends
     with '.h' or '.hpp', such that it enters the Public Domain.

  2. You are granted additional permissions described in the GCC Runtime
     Library Exception, version 3.1, as published by the Free Software
     Foundation.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License and a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with MCF
Gthread; see the files in the 'licenses' directory. If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
